- Can I get you some coffee?
- Decaf.
Okay, everybody, this is Rachel,
another Lincoln High survivor.
This is everybody.
This is Chandler and Phoebe...
...and Joey. And remember
my brother, Ross?
- Sure!
- Hey.
- Hi.
- Oh, God.
[SIGHS]
So you wanna tell us now, or are we
waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Oh, God! Well, it started about
a half-hour before the wedding.
I was in this room
with all the presents...
...and I was looking
at this gravy boat.
This really gorgeous
Limoges gravy boat.
When all of a sudden...
Sweet 'N Low?
- I realized...
...I was more turned on by
this gravy boat than by Barry.
Then I got really freaked out,
and that's when it hit me:
How much Barry looks
like Mr. Potato Head.
You know, I mean, I always knew
he looked familiar, but...
Anyway, I just had to get out of there,
and I started wondering:
"Why am I doing this?"
And "Who am I doing this for?"
Anyway, I just didn't know where to go,
and I know you and I have drifted apart...
...but you're the only person
I know in the city.
Who wasn't invited to the wedding.
Oh, I was kind of hoping that
wouldn't be an issue.
[SPEAKING IN SPANISH
ON TV]
I'm guessing he bought her
the big pipe organ...
...and she's really not
happy about it.
Daddy, I just... I can't marry him.
I'm sorry.
I just don't love him.
Well, it matters to me.
CHANDLER:
She should not be wearing those pants.
I say push her down the stairs.
ALL: Push her down the stairs!
Push her down the stairs!
[ALL CHEER AND APPLAUD]
Come on, Daddy, listen to me!
It's like all of my life, everyone's
always told me, "You're a shoe!
You're a shoe! You're a shoe!
You're a shoe!"
Then today I stopped and said,
"What if I don't wanna be a shoe?
What if I wanna be a purse?
You know?
Or a hat?"
I don't want you to buy me a hat,
I am a hat.
It's a metaphor, Daddy!
You can see where he'd have trouble.
Look, Daddy, it's my life.
Well, maybe I'll just stay
here with Monica.
I guess we've established
she's staying with Monica.
Well, maybe that's my decision.
Well, maybe I don't need your money.
Wait! Wait! I said maybe!